Well, I was gone for far too long, but now I'm back.
I was gone for too long, your Comptroller was black.
But now I'm back and here to stay, and all I want to say is
Some people call me Pringles Dick, but I never really found out why.
I don't really have a Pringles Dick, I just keep my dick inside.
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can, because it keeps my penis safe and dry.
Some people call me Pringles Dick, but I never really found out.
No, I never found out.
I never really found out why, if you know, sing along.
Some people call me Pringles Dick, but I never found out why.
I don't really have a Pringles Dick, I just keep my dick inside.
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can, because it keeps my penis safe and dry.
Some people call me Pringles Dick, but I never really found out.
No, I never found out.
I never really found out why.
Ladies and gentlemen, hit it.
From beautiful uptown Burbank, Harmontown is now in session.
Spencer Crittenden.
And the mayor of Harmontown, I missed you so much, Mr. Dan Harmons.
Thank you.
You left your shit everywhere.
How does the video, should I put this back further out, or should I, okay, you're good.
All right, when I watch the feed, I like the shot where you get a clear shot of Spencer
and then the mannequins back there, it looks beautiful.
Five dollars a month, and you'd know what I was talking about.
Thank you guys for coming out, thanks for coming to Burbank, thanks for living in Burbank,
if you live here.
Somebody have a pen I can borrow for the show, anybody pen, pencil?
There's a little bit of official business, you know, we, I mean, we've been getting
this venue up and running, and we can't be an official, we can't sell you booze, so great,
we have to give it to you for, that's, I love that about society, that it has, legally
it has to be free, okay, that's the kind of Pringles professor you like, you know, like
he stops the party in the library and says like, you need to read books about Pringles
then, and it had no sense, but it's like free flowing hard liquor, but I don't think that's
the problem, as you know, if you're here live, we had to start checking your bags tonight,
now here's why, you're coming here to listen to me complain about our dissent into fascism
and now you have to, pretty soon there's going to be metal detectors out there, what can
I say about Burbank, it's a tougher hood, man, what it is, we've got a nice big room
now, we can fit a lot of you in here, there's a free spirit, we're anarchists, we love,
we love no rules, somebody's got something to say, they say it, et cetera, but you know,
so now it's like, okay, how do we coexist as a civilization, people have been bringing
shit and getting shit faced, like if you just brought stuff, maybe it's illegal for me to
say this, but if you just brought stuff and you could see, there you go, you heard somebody
right there falling over, but like, I mean, just anecdotally, there were a couple of guys
apparently last episode, or maybe one before that, I can't remember, but you know, we just
have your standard security people, they didn't sign up to do any heart surgery or, you know,
they had to like, bounce a couple guys and I guess one guy immediately as soon as he
got, because they were just shit faced, like walking into walls, and then they went out
as a pair and one of them, the official report on our side was that he turned to Jell-O,
he fell to the floor and started pissing and shitting himself, and couldn't get up, his
friend took off running because he had a $50,000 warrant, so thank you for letting us check
your purse, it's not you, it's those two guys, but also it's like, I'm sorry if I caught
you off guard, because it's like, well maybe you have weed in your purse and you're like,
what is this, the fucking thing, there's also been people like smoking in there, you know,
in the inside here, and it's like, it's all, if you just run it through the flowchart of
like, am I hurting anyone around me, am I interfering with anyone else's good time,
which also doubles as when a cop comes in here, is this place going to get shut down,
because that cheats everybody, so in order to keep honest people honest, we're just kind
of going, okay, so you can't be, you know, we're going to check your bags and stuff,
but this is, I'm not looking at this as a, this is our chance to explore how societies
begin, I'm sure, minus the electronics, this is basically equivalent to the first Thanksgiving,
right?
So like, listen, some of you, I understand you make houses out of buffalo, look, we love
it, but, I don't know, but you've got to accept these smallpox, it's called a social
contract, but anyways, that's that, so if any of you are miffed by that, you can continue
to be miffed by that, I'm not telling you to not be miffed by any invasion of your
stuff, but it's like, we're just doing what we can to bottleneck the inhumanity, so that
everybody can have a good time, and the other official business is Jeff's back, hello.
I missed you guys, it's been a long time.
I've been enjoying listening to the show, though, I thought Brandon did a bang up job.
Brandon is amazing.
I kind of felt like, not nervous to come back, but I felt like maybe like he had stolen
everybody's hearts away, and like, I, like, I, I like what it's brought out of you.
You come back with a ukulele, there's this thing, it's good to see you on your toes.
I felt like I had to, I had to put some hee-haw showbiz into this shit, like I, the, the,
the downside was it also brought out of a lash of racism, like you were, I mean, it just,
it brought it, but I'd rather just have, yeah, just have all of you, you know, I think.
Yeah, yeah, he was, he was black the entire time.
He was black.
Also, I mean, I feel so nervous about coming back, and Spencer and I, and the halfway mark
of the show, we're going to do love letters.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a nice stage set up now, and we're going to continue.
That's a play that two people do.
We're moving toward, there's, there's going to be a wireless environment up here, it's
going to be like going to an Apple Keynote pretty soon one day, it's going to be, I'm
going to come, I'm going to come out in a turtleneck, or maybe, maybe a turtle in a
half-neck.
I just, I just wrote that.
A turtle in a half-neck.
That's pretty awesome.
It's like, it comes up to your lower lip, like, I don't know, the new, I just, I just
figured I'm two turtle, one and a half turtles, I don't know, it's pretty good, I don't know,
I'm kind of good.
I mean, you know, this venue's like awakening the entertainer in it, a turtle in a half-neck.
See, I, I, my ukulele inspired the vaudeville showbiz guy inside you.
Yeah.
Yeah, let's, let's, do you want to try, let's try something real quick, speaking of, because
we were testing the equipment and, you know, so, you know, oh, Harmon, try to strike a
balance between the, you know, you don't want to turn it into a TV show, because the people
listening, but that doesn't preclude, like, the music stuff, so I got my, I got my garage
band and you got your ukulele and then, oh, awesome, why should I get my ukulele in it?
Well, yeah, yeah, well, I mean, if you want, yeah, I'm, yeah, I've been enjoying, if you
guys have not treated yourself to Dan's garage band, like little Instagram videos are pretty,
pretty tasty.
Yeah.
You can really find out what it's like to hear Dan sing about pooping.
Oh, oh, what are you, what are you talking about?
You're saying, oh, well, I guess since I opened GarageBand, I might as well play one of my
songs.
I think you should.
Have you got to do it?
Yeah, this is a lesson.
No, let's go to Classics.
Sing and, so, from outer space
For those of you who are fine following Dan you should sing
Cena's
ACLLEY
Superman's place
From your great friend
We're criminal
It's where you come from where other beings grow
I'm just a lonely potato
I only know what I know
And I know
I was born in the dirt
and the Earth is the nausea
But now I can't look, I'm probably at my beam from outer space
See
Wow
That one I did for my beam, Cody
That was somewhere right in the middle, like equidistant between Lenny Kravitz and Abba
With a lengthy stop at George Michael's filling station
Oh yeah, yeah
It's where you come from where other beans grow
I'm just a lonely potato, I only know what I know
And I know I was born in the dirt
You should have a fucking record, you could have a record, Dan
I'm gonna see if logical maybe produced my album
Yeah
Now that he's number one, boy is he gonna regret becoming friends with me before he became a number one hip-hop artist
I'm like texting him every day, I'm like, what do you think of this?
He's like, it's hip-hop delicious
I have to say that from the time I was away listening to the show
You grew a lot because you started fucking dads now, that's great
I tried, I tried everything, you know
Alright, well yeah, but okay, so my new thing is garagemen
Because you don't have to be good at it, it's a hobby for me now
So I can really lose myself in it
So you were telling me a good chord progression is
Oh shit, this doesn't have the, where is the...
Yeah, you made a new song
Where's the D?
Go back to the old song that you did
It's okay, we can do CGFs, gotcha
Okay, so I'm learning as people are paying to watch
That's fine, that's fine
The good thing for people listening and not watching
Is there's nothing happening on the screen, really, worth watching
No, no, we're not, yeah
But yeah, my favorite thing about garagemen is the strings
Because if you rub them hard, it gets...
But if you rub them really soft
It's been seven hours and fifteen days
Wait, you said it
We almost had it
D, G, A, C, D
Is that, can we hop this mic back up, the other guy?
Oh man
So D, G, A, 7, D
Yeah, that's a nice three chord kind of thing
Oh, I guess we probably need a metronome, right?
Yeah, give me a beat
Can you put an actual, can you lay a beat in there?
Yeah, I could
Give us a beat
What would you like the drummer's name to be?
I'm a fucking Tommy Lee
Uh, SoCal?
SoCal
Wait, I thought...
Okay, wait, well, no, wait, how come...
Okay, now that people aren't watching or missing something
Because now there's drums on the thing
Wait, this is very exciting
I think it's different if you get a drummer
Okay, drummer, that's what I need
Okay, you want Lea here?
This is like the scene in the movie Iceman
The Iceman finds out that he's an Iceman
Is that to Silver Lake for you?
Would you like me to change Lea?
I could change Lea to Jay Fister
He's too complicated
I don't need your parents' divorce involved in my song
Maurice looks like he's wearing glasses
I don't know, all these people are too...
That beat really screams ukulele
You know what? You know who I missed? Lea
Sorry, Lea, I didn't mean to ever stray
Okay, alright, so there's our beat
And that's one, two, three, four
Okay, alright
Two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
Here comes Lea
Okay, here we go
D, G, A7, D
Let's record it
It'll give us a count-in and then we'll record it
We made one-hundredth of a song
No, this is about half the time I spend on my Instagram stocks
Alright, so here we go
Can you make a loop and then improvise a song?
We can record right now
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so here comes the count-in
D, G, A7, D, G
Let's see it
G, A7, D
I'm gonna do it better now
D, G, A7, D
That's the fuck up right there, okay
One more loop, one more there
Three, four, five, six, seven, eight
I like this kind of a little vibrato
I didn't know it was still in there
Alright, well, hold on
We gotta re-record it
We gotta fix that, we gotta fix that
You hadn't re-recorded it
Oh, oh, okay, sorry
You just recorded the first one
Okay, here we go, one, two, three
One, two, three
D, G, A7, D, A7, A7, A7, A7, A7, A7, A7
D, G, A7, D, A7, A7, A7, A7, A7
What? How come it's...?
Yeah, you can look at that.
Yeah, can you hear that?
Can you hear that sound?
Yeah.
I saw you.
I heard you.
Yeah, you can look at that.
I'm going every time.
I've never seen you come around.
Hey now, get your game on.
I'll let you shine.
You gotta smash your mouth.
I was not gonna walk on the sun and I'm gonna smash your mouth
I'm gonna put it in your mouth
I was gonna put it in your mouth
I'm gonna make you the same
All the good things that's going on in the fucking momma
So I'm gonna take this course
I'm gonna do it so you see it
I'm gonna do it so hard
I'm gonna put it in your mouth
How they even the Wonder Woman box office
So
Women
Better than men
How come women are so much better than men?
How come all women are better than men?
Does it matter what note you sing?
Do you do the chords?
Are they on their day?
Do you have to sing along with the chords?
Do you know it?
Do you just sing it to the throat?
Yes or no?
Well, it's nice to be back in the heart of the town
It's nice to be back
Oh shit, I fucked up
Alright, one more time
Just wanna get those strings right and then we'll move on
Because I feel like the velocity's not...
I'm not...
The velocity's fucked
It's the double D, that's what gets you
Yeah
Every time
Alright, one more time then we'll get to the show
That's the one
I fucking miss Ryan Stiles so much right now
No, I miss Brandon
Let's get Brandon up here
Brandon Johnson!
Hi
God damn it, that was hilarious
I love that last bit where you were
I give a fuck
Jeff James is back everybody
Yes
And I can go back to being the disgraced alderman of Harmontown
Yeah, you did such a good job
I was afraid to come back
I thought that you...
I liked your version of the show better than me on the show
I can only tell you big shoes to fill
Fucking, I had no idea what goes on
There's an entire gold panel behind that thing
It took you two hours of this shit
That's the fucking hard part
Big, big fancy shoes that only you two know how to talk about
I like those loafers by the way, those are swinging
Thanks so much, you look amazing
The chain with the jacket
Yeah, please
I can't wear brown shoes, I look like I've heard it
So much has changed since you left
He hates it so much
There was one episode when you had the journalists that had been overseas
Like in Iraq and stuff like that
And you kept asking them questions
Well, you started the show by saying that you were really drunk
And you interviewed them
You kept asking questions and then answering their question for them
And I came up with a new term
It's called dance planning
I told, I'm not a good interviewer
I thought it was a good show, I don't care
It was, they were fascinating
Theoretically
I heard a psychology, there was a podcast about emotions
That I saw that said that there's this woman who's like the leading rock star
Of emotional psychology right now
But it's really weird because she's kind of counterintuitive
She realizes herself that her theories and findings actually fly in the face
Of any support for the kind of the safe space, trickery thing
In that feelings don't happen to you
They're not uncontrollable things
I was kind of half asleep while I was listening to the podcast
The weird thing is, I don't know who figures this shit out
How do you measure this and who do you know is talking out of their ass
That's why you have to look at certification and stuff and credentials
But according to her, there's only really four actual honest emotional states
For a human that you start with
I think it's pleasant, unpleasant, aroused, and I can't remember
Groupon, I don't know, I can't remember what the fourth one is even
Shifty
But it's not angry and it's not jealous and it's not sad
I can't remember what it is, but it's basically the way that there's only really eight notes
There's only four feelings, but then we, depending culturally
If you're in ancient Sparta, then you have to have a certain attitude
Towards murder, death, manhood, womanhood, etc
Then if you go down the street to ancient Athens, they're working on the streets
But all of that stuff, all the stuff that we call outrage or jealousy or sadness or rage
Those are all social constructs that we're creating, that we're told, we're indoctrinated into them
So when you're a kid on the playground and someone steals your fire truck toy
You feel probably, I would guess, unpleasant about that
And then your parents tell you, or the kid that's taking your fire truck tells you
Or somehow you get the signal, you're told, I know you're angry right now
What you're feeling is called anger and it has to do with fire trucks being taken away from you
And so you learn that the same way you learn language
But there's very few uncontrollable emotions, like you just kind of
You have a pretty mellow four-part quartet of pretty almost indistinguishable kind of states of emotion
That you then, I didn't really listen to it that much
But she herself was saying, I know this is awful because she's a liberal and a progressive person
But she's saying, this is honest data that I'm getting about, this is the way we really need to look at this
Even though it actually suggests, it's kind of like the scientific way of saying suck it up buttercup in certain contexts
Does that allow for nuances in between? You can be angry and different, okay
No, no, our next guest
At the top of the podcast episode, they say, because they're doing, and if I'm drawing at them, I should cite them
It's called invisibilia, that's the name of the podcast
At the top of the podcast they say, by the way, we've discovered a fifth emotional state
So it's called ugut or something like that, and we'll get to that later
They've found a tribe of people that can feel a fifth thing, I know it sounds absurd, but they have to agree
The Jackson family
But that fifth one is called germane
Bring up my fancy mind map
See, we just talked about that
Let's go to Twitter, shall we?
Yeah, with a quick stop
When we were doing a...
Loop, I got a perfect loop
I got a perfect loop, I nailed this loop this time
We'll get back to that later
I just wanted to nail it, it was like a bike that stole me
When we were doing soundcheck earlier, Dan plugged this thing in to make sure the audio and video was working
Everybody, a quick porn check, he had to make sure he wasn't going to turn his computer on
You would all get bombarded with mannequin porn or whatever
Alright, who's this guy? Blind melanade
Can you fix Dan's mic, it's super low, and then the music blows my speakers up
I assume that person's...
Every week we get people that say that the sound's way too low, and I wonder if they just have broken sound
I'll be back later
I have a show to do
Alright
Could you please just say fuck Patrick O'Leary, I guess I accidentally just did
Is that a senator? I hope it's a senator
A survivalism question I like to ask folks says Johnny Collins, whose Twitter name is Silver Tin Tine Music
I feel Spencer may have some good ideas, sorry for the mini manifesto
What's this guy's name?
Oh good
I feel like I'm in a porn country, we're going to see my porn any minute now
Johnny Collins
A survivalism question I like to ask folks
Just cut to the bottom
I click on those images, oh Jesus, and then it starts to go haywire
I really need you to just tweet, just tweet, will you people?
You can't just don't tweet a link to a thing, you're going to find out what I jerk off to you so fast
What if you had a guess right now, it would be in the chamber in your porn windows right now
We see if we came across it by accident
Do you want me to tell people the thing I'm worried they'll know?
Yeah, describe it for us
You have to take the power away from them, man
It's probably just hoverboard cut ventures or whatever
By the way, worry is not a feeling
It would be unpleasant for one split second of my bookmarks to haunt me for 40 years of potential political career
On a scale of 1 to 10, how offensive do you think it would be?
I think there's some hot buttons, I think that we're not a sexually progressive community
I think that we all have little places that we go
It's incest, it must be
It doesn't make sense if this were like clown porn or something, that would be a weird speech
But remember Riley Reed said incest is best
She said incest is like way up on the porn hub searches
Because anything that you could think of that's taboo, it's like
But I see these arguments online where people go like, oh, it's like, and you can't, there's no heroes or villains in these stories
This is what the internet is doing to all of us, it's like creating lack of context that is incredibly damaging to us
I've asked it before and I wish we could, I wish we had a love connection, like private kind of polling ability
Which I've said years ago so that we could actually ask the folks that come to these shows
Things that they can answer honestly without any fear that they're having to clap when we say who here wants to fuck a dog
That they can just
But I do want to know kind of from millennials and then compare that like a kind of Kenzie investigation
Like Kenzie, like I want to know like our millennial cousins
Like are they more or less like taboo in the bedroom
Like are they, I mean one person can yell out more, it's Annie in the front
But I know that there's no answer for one generation, but you want to aggregate that data and compare it to people 20 years older
And go like, I don't know how you'd measure it, but I'm just really curious about that sometimes
Because my relationship with Cody, I don't think she'd mind me saying
We go to dark places and we do a lot of characters and there's a lot of narrative work that goes into, and it happens
Do you guys ever do accents, like different dialects and things like that?
Do you know?
Like are you ever like Count Dracula or some shit?
No, but I was
I want to suck your teeth
Do you guys ever do table reads?
What's that?
Do you ever do table reads, some of your best stuff?
Table reads, sorry I meant you repeat your joke 9 times
No, it wasn't worth repeating any of those times, I would say
Can you return Rob Schrab's text?
Answer the question, have you ever done an accent?
Have you ever played like a foreign character?
No, I mean I guess the closest would be I was recently pretty high-ranking Catholic
So I probably have a lot of Italian friends
On that popo shit or that big old
Did you do like an Italian accent?
No, I was just making a joke
Your Fred Stoller impression was pretty good last week, I thought that was pretty good
You should role play as Fred Stoller, that would be amazing
This person says the stream keeps cutting out and they said that 22 minutes ago
But I think it's possible they might be experiencing, we're not starting the show yet, I don't know
Not to be a dick, but the stream keeps cutting out
They might have slow internet
Who's alive tonight? America, why aren't you up on stage yet?
That's Rob Schrab's voice
He's eating carrots
When will you fuck it, I'm eating some carrots, it wouldn't have killed you to return my text
Rob is trolling us from outer space right now?
Please say there's a million from Rob Schrab
I'll look at it, his text is just, here's the thing, Rob's a fucking asshole
Every Thursday we're supposed to hang out, we have it on our schedules
We're old men, we know we're busy, so we only hang out if we schedule it
So we schedule it every Thursday, Harmon and Schrab hang out
So then he goes, I go, you know, we were going to try to catch up on Twin Peaks because I have showtime and he's cheap
And I was like, hey, what about Twin Peaks?
He goes, I thought you cancelled tonight, I said when did you think that?
He says, I got an email saying tonight is cancelled, I'm like what?
And he sends me a screen grab, that's clearly he's just confused
It's like one of those auto emails that gets sent because Levy's schedules are hangouts
And it says updated invitation, weekly Schrab hang
And it's for the following week because I'm going out of town for Cody's mom's birthday
So he sends it, and this is the biggest dick move, even for Schrab
He sends that and you can tell he just saw it as he sends it
So he sees the dates for next week
And then he says, I got this too
But I couldn't decipher it, you see what I'm saying?
He said, I thought you cancelled tonight, I'm like what?
And he's like, how about this?
And he looks at it, that too
But there's no first thing, like he's just a fucking idiot
And I said, all right, whatever, I'll play video games
And he said, AG's coming over if you want to come here
And I said, that email is about next week and when you noticed that you said, I also got this
But I never saw an email canceling tonight
And Schrab said, I deleted it already
Then another text just come over
Then finally a third text, I made a mistake, too late
Then a fourth text, where are you with four question marks?
I won, is what that means
And then AG and I have our pants off, like whatever, you know?
Yeah, well he's just trying to make me miss him by being fun
AG, you want to come up here?
It's TV AG!
We had our shirts off, not our pants
Did you have fun? Because I felt like...
I just started playing video games, I never looked like that
We watched the Mulholland Drive
I said, we're supposed to watch Firewalk with me
Because, you know, that's what David Lynch recommends
If you're going to watch anything to catch up before you start watching Twin Peaks
Watch Firewalk with me
And I said to Schrab, should we watch Firewalk with me first?
And he was like, maybe he wouldn't want me saying that
He's like, Firewalk with me sucks ass
And I was like, so what does that have to do with anything?
So every week should we get together and watch Citizen Kane and then Cheers?
I thought the point was to watch Twin Peaks
David Lynch said, watch Firewalk with me, fucking do it right, you dick
I'm just sick of his bullshit right now
And he fucked up
You gotta read what he's writing to you
What's he writing?
Dan, read a couple of those
I really want you to watch Firewalk with me
It would be a very good thing to do if you're going to watch
I mean, Schrab's saying, Schrab tweeted, will you get me tickets to write said Fred?
He's rhyming, he's rhyming
Will you put toast on my bread?
Will you come visit me on my deathbed?
That was probably the first one
And how do you like them apples?
He hashtagged how?
Are you and Rob Schrab friends in real life?
He's funny when he's not here, it's amazing
At least you know you're getting $5 of Rob's money every month
Who is Dark Man, he's asking now
Why can't you start on time, says Derek, Tuesday sandwich
Who is Dark Man?
It's Liam Neeson, isn't it?
It doesn't matter if your face is bandages on it
Remember that impression?
Oh yeah
Tweetdeck, I'm having a little problem
If anybody can recommend an app that functions like Tweetdeck
What's in my pocket, Schrab is asking
Dan, do you think that in role playing with Cody
You could get away and it would still be sexy
If you were Liam Neeson during the role play?
Yeah, everything's sexy, everything's sexy when you trust someone
And you can go anywhere you want
Can I give you guys assignments like homework
We suggest characters for you guys
You come back next week and see if you guys came
Scene studies
Yeah
I saw somebody had a question about Legs Lavish
My YouTube channel that I watch
Which is about women for women reviewing hosiery
When I lost it
For women you say?
Yeah, you can tell, definitely
It's just women doing hosiery reviews
It's not pornography
Alright, I mean
Are you excited for the mummy remake?
I know they're trying to start up the dark universe
Oh, is that like universal monsters
Like they want to be like Marvel
Like Dracula and the werewolf team
Oh, that reminds me, I gotta check my Mhotep
Check my Marvel Academy
What the fuck?
I go away for five weeks and the show turns to shit
Brandon, what did you let happen up here?
I said we should do whatever you were going to do in your basement
And now this is the running order of the show
We make loops, we play video games
Dan's doing what he would normally do
He's reading tweets, he's playing video games
I never read the dialogue
We're like a month away from you actually just jerking off on stage
Wait, what'd you say?
I'm sorry
I've never seen somebody give a look of why wait a month
One look, why wait a month?
Are you sort of a cookie collector?
What do you guys want to do later?
I guess we lost audio at some point
We also lost the show
Nothing happening, it's just a rich 45 year old just playing video games on stage
Oh, I'm so glad you're back
And he doesn't care, he doesn't know that we're here anymore
He can either see or hear us
Don't you think people tweeting questions is part of a show?
I'm sorry I took a two minute break to check on my Marvel Avengers
characters, like what, I mean it's like a, it's a game, it's like, you know
What about A.G.'s new movie?
Yeah, my movie
My movie
The star of Guardians of the Galaxy 2
Yeah, my movie
A.G.
Thank you
What is, what's Finn Dom?
Finn Dom's where you hire a woman to have all your money
Oh, so is this, is it possible this person is a, well his, his Twitter name is Steven in debt
Yeah, that's his fetish
Dan, I'm worried my fetish is going to ruin my life
Any thoughts, advice for beating an addiction to Finn Dom and similar fets?
Finn Dom seems like a stupid fetish
I mean, but you know that that's a
There's a lot of stupid fetishes
Yeah, but what if that made you come?
What if, what if giving someone all your money made you come? That's what he's saying
I'd be like that's dumb
He's saying
He obviously knows that and so he's crying out for help
Even if he's doing a bit, like this, this person exists hypothetically
Right, no, I think I'd be a lot more
If that were my fetish I'd be a lot more productive
Cause you know, you give all your money away
I gotta get back to work
Yeah, you eventually run out
I wanna come again, I gotta go out there and make that money
Yeah
I would suggest to the person with absolutely no judgment at all
I would say, like, you know, do what you would do
If you were locked in a room
You know, and you couldn't, you couldn't live
Like if, you know, like, like quitting smoking, you know
Like, if you were locked in a room without your cigarettes you wouldn't die
So I guess you just gotta figure out a way
You have to take an action
You're gonna really handcuff yourself to a radiator werewolf style
And you gotta, it's never gonna be the right time to do it
Like, I got off the elliptical and I'm never gonna get back on
Until I just do it at the wrong time
You gotta tell those young ladies on your chat window
No, you cannot have my money and I refuse to talk about it
And even give it back
Here's a pitch, we bring your elliptical to the show
You do 20 minutes of the show on the elliptical
Oh my god, that's a great idea
That's not a great idea
Spencer doesn't
You guys don't understand what it involves to move that elliptical places
Yeah, Spencer's gonna be the one moving that
Yeah
Alright, well, so anyways
I'll buy a new elliptical to have here so we can watch it work out
There's an idea
Let's see, I mean, look, I mean, I'm not the one that...
I'm happy to talk about lots of stuff
I got some movie recommends
I don't feel at home in this world anymore
Check it out on Netflix
What is this thing, these branches going off of...
It's a mind map
This app's called iThoughts
I'm not sold on it right away
But also watch sneakers, it's a 90s movie
It'll make you feel better
No, it won't, it'll make you feel sad
Well, because it's like, there's no internet yet
But it's like about hacking and it's fun
And there's a Russian guy in it that's like
Oh, it's crazy that the Cold War is over
And you just want to kill yourself
And River Phoenix is in it
So here's the thing, I was watching it
I was like, god damn, you know all due respect
To everyone in Tinseltown
I hope this isn't ghoulish
But for real, after River Phoenix died
You know DiCaprio's agent called DiCaprio
And it was like, River Phoenix died
And DiCaprio was like, ah, bummer
What do you got for me?
You know, like...
So what do you think, Gilbert Grape?
It's like, you know, come on man
River Phoenix dying was good for DiCaprio
Is my thesis
Do you think DiCaprio murdered him?
No, I wouldn't go that far, I just think
You know, it's weird when life puts you sometimes
In the position of cheering someone's death
Did you see the keepers?
Yes, I've been watching the keepers
It's a bummer
No, I mean, it's insane
It's crazy
So we've stood up here numerous times
We all hate the kids
We particularly hate the teenagers
We think they're entitled
We were...
Dino and I were in the back of a lift
And there was a crossing guard
There were kids going across the crosswalk
And then somehow the lift driver
Ended up...
By mistake, like, he ended up
His car was blocking the crosswalk
It wasn't because he wasn't looking
And plowed into kids
It was because of the ebb and flow
Of crosswalkingness
He's stuck at a stop sign
And he's in the middle of the crosswalk
And this 10-year-old kid
Comes up to the backseat window of the lift
And knocks on the window that Dino's at
And just has this adorable smile on his face
But he's being a cock
Like, Dino rolls down
And goes, can I help you?
He's like, can I help you?
Whoa!
And luckily he got Dino and not me
Because I'd be in jail right now
Because I don't know what I would have said
I probably would have escalated
But Dino was like, it's like
You can walk around the car
I believe in you
And he's like, I shouldn't have to
And he's like, you can do it
Good boy, good boy
And you hear him in the distance go, don't call me boy
He was Indian, by the way
Like...
Well, don't bury the lead then
Just to make sure you know
Fuckin' Indian children, wow
I'm including that at the end
Because Dino said boy
And he said, don't call me boy
Which is like
His race became important at that point
In my opinion
Because it's like, wait a minute, what the fuck
Shit head, fucking shit head
Anyways, so that's how we feel about kids
We don't like them, we all agree, bad batch
No way, but we like
We like those kids though
Because we grow up to be those kids
Like, that little smart mouth motherfucker
Was great
Like he had a running bit already on the street
That he was willing to fuck with adults on
Like he's a future Dan Harmon
Well, I
I hope so
But I have a feeling that he's a future Donald Trump
Because he's like, oh
A system exists by which I can just yell at people
It's illegal to hit me
I think I'll just wag my dick around
Bling, bling, bling
Like, but here's the thing
This was all a downbeat to my
Lifting about this, we all shake our canes
These kids, they suck, oh, they're so fucking shitty
And they're, you know, they know it's illegal
To hit them now, and they're just taking advantage of it
If you watch
The Keepers on Netflix, which takes, you know
It's like, this nun
Disappears, they find her body, and then it all
Like straights down in court, this horribleness
Is happening within the Catholic high school
And it's just
Like episode after episode
Story after story of you can't
Believe, it sounds like a parallel dimension
The shit that people were getting away
With abusing these kids
These kids are pubescent girls
In an all girls Catholic school
And I was uplifted
And I was talking to somebody about this
The other day, because they were griping about today's kids
You know, like, oh
And I was like, yeah, but
If these kids, like
That Keepers shit, it's impossible
Now, like you can't
Today's 13-year-old
Is gonna go into a priest's office
And
Believe they should just drink a soda
And talk about what a slut they are
And not think it's gonna
You know, they're gonna, that entitlement
That we're complaining about and stuff
It's like, there's a, like
Where did the obedience get us?
Where did the respect for elders
Like, it's always
Six to one-and-a-half a dozen
Like, when you watch The Keepers
You just wish Ariana Grande fans
The office and go like, I'm entitled
Because it would be the end of everything
And instead, this thing goes on and on
For so long that you're just watching
Old people watch
The snow fall over the footprints of their abuse
That took, that was so severe
It took them their entire life
Before they could even remember it
Then talk about it, then
Find each other on Facebook
Then be told by everyone
Go fuck yourself, you took too long to remember it
Anyways, so the good old days
Weren't that good
It is, by the way, a tenet of fascism
From everybody that studies it
These illusions to a mysterious
Amorphous, unsighted
Golden age
Make America great again
Everything was great at some point
You'll never be able to get out of a fascist
The actual documentation
Of when it was so fucking great
They love to talk about
Like, it's like comic book golden age
Or something, like, oh, remember when things
Remember when you were six
And you thought fucking Santa was real
That's what you're talking about
You want to get back to when you were six
Fucking bloated windbag
You shitty murderous, horrible
I didn't
Yeah
And by the way, politically
Let's check in on my politics
Ask me where I'm at politically
Dan, politics corner
I'm back
To every man for himself
I hate everybody, sorry if that's demoralizing
That's been Politics Corner
Brought to you by Gold Bond Footpowder
Gold Bond
Powder for your feet
I'll swing back
But don't, I'm
Curly, I'm just in this mood, Curly
I don't believe in liberalism
I don't believe in Democrats
I'm back to one of those douchebags
That's stating on the sidelines going, fuck you
I'm just thinking, I'm like
I just can't, I just feel like
It just, come on
Everyone's fucking dumb, everyone's dumb
We know everyone's dumb, the average IQ is
185% of every group of anyone
Is a fucking moron that can't
Make a decision for themselves, they say the dumbest
Shit, like, we're just
It's just the species that's run its course
And we gotta get to the moon
Or I gotta get out of here, I gotta dig a hole in the desert
Just go down like mine
What happened to the moon?
You dropped that premise like after episode 3
I think
Church and I went to the March for Truth
In LA yesterday
And we were leaving the march
And there's always like 6 or 8
Pro-Trump people on a corner
Usually completely surrounded by police
Where you're not even allowed to get close to them
Because they're afraid of what might happen
But yesterday, for some reason
You could walk up to them
They had like a microphone and a speaker
And it was a guy dressed like
He had like
The old nickerbagger plus 4
Wait, so he wanted you to connect
Those dots like the American dream
He had a whole beat up tricorn hat
And he looked like homeless
Ben Franklin
And he was like, everyone wants to talk
You can come over and talk to us
A penny stolen is a penny stolen
Homeless Ben Franklin jokes
Is that what he was going?
But there was Make America Great Again banners
And there was a lot of, you know
Why would I have a key? I don't have a house
If I tried to discover
But I know we're derailing you
Are you sure this guy was conservative?
Oh yeah, he was
But he was being pretty cool because he was engaging
People were like, if you want to come up here
I'll give you the microphone, we can have a discussion
It turns out mostly
They shout you down about what you think
Because they're surrounded by
Locker up and
Hillary is evil
Kind of posters, they're still on that thing
But Church at the center
This is amazing, I should probably talk about it
Like she wants to, but she had this conversation
With this woman who had an American Indian
Drum
And she had a Trump-Pence 2020
Shirt and hat on
But she didn't vote for Trump
But she thinks that it was better
Having this hour-long conversation
With her, she came away with
It was really uplifting
But surrounded by people that can actually talk
And one of the upshots of it
Was the woman said, you know what, this conversation
Makes me feel like I should call up some of my friends
That I don't talk to anymore
Because I don't feel like I can
Because we're so different, the gulf between what I believe
And what you believe is so unbridgeable
But there was another guy pacing around
And he had goggles on
And an American flag bandana
And a helmet
And like military, like
Flak jacket kind of stuff on and carrying a flag
And just pacing around mad-dogging everybody
Clearly looking for a fight
So like you have people that really do want to have a discussion
Surrounded by people that are clearly cruising
For a bruising
With a guy in Portland, like it's just
He was just this, I mean
And there was this one kid, like college-age looking dude
And he had a big sign that said
Stop the hate, let's debate
And I walked by him and said, hey, you want to just talk?
I'm like, not really, I mean
It's hot out, so I want to go have lunch
You know?
And I'm pretty sure
We're not going to convince each other of anything
And he was like, no, I just feel like
It shouldn't be about shouting, it should be a conversation
We should be able to talk about the difference
I totally agree with that
I appreciate you guys being out here
And doing that, like hooray for you
Then I saw him a little later on
And he held his sign up
And underneath his stop the hate, let's debate sign
I will post this photo because he's a douchebag
When he lifted his thing up
His shirt said, Hillary sucks
Not like Monica though, or something like that
I'm like, oh really?
So I went up and said, hey, can I get a picture of you?
And he goes, yeah, and he holds his sign up
I wanted to get a picture of your awesome misogyny shirt
And he goes, what? I love that
Underneath your stop the hate sign
You proudly admit you hate women
He goes, oh, oh, oh, oh
I'm like Charlie Callas
Oh, good to see
The high-roaded party
Of the emotional left
Is so sensitive to my needs
Oh, good to show you true colors
I'm so fucking sick of that
These people are not going to reward
Our fucking, like, we're the trolls
Now we should be angry
And they should go fuck themselves
I hate that they switch gears
To this, like, they're trolling us
They don't really want to
I like that there was a gang
Of people out there going, hey, let's debate
Because what I think
That means is that they're on the fucking ropes
Psychologically, just them
That they've run out of ways
To feel like they're part of a group
And now they're so lonely
And people have gotten so good
At walking by them that they're like
What about discourse?
Ha, ha, ha, ha
Okay
You guys always want to talk, right?
Intellectual, let's have a conversation
Um, okay
What are you saying?
RETURN
These people are dumb
They're dumb
And you know they're dumb when they speak
Because they don't know how to put thoughts together
And when you say things to them
Like, that sounds like
You don't know that America
Isn't two million years old
Um, they say
See, it's that kind of attitude
That's seen its day
You know, like it's always
It's an anti-intellectual revolution
And so there is no conversation
They're
Ugly, mean, nasty,
Brutish, thuggish, selfish
I got a boo-boo
It's everyone else's problem people
I got a fucking boo-boo, motherfucker
I pay taxes
I pay everyone's taxes
I'm a one percenter
It's hard for me
Get out the world's biggest
Violin for me
You're paying for it
Your tax dollars go to tiny
Violins all over the world
It's just like, Louis C.K. had this thing
Where he was like, by the way, voting
Voting is like, it's not, you're not supposed to wait
For the candidate that's like
You know, like, oh
That's what we're suffering from
I was reading this thing by Noam Chomsky
But most things by Chomsky I probably didn't understand it
I have to read it five more times
But we're talking about this thing
It's this bag of potatoes principle
Where
Individualism
Hyperbole where it's like
You kind of count on the impoverished
You play up to everything that divides them
Even down to the individual
Not just racially, not just religiously
And gender and all that stuff
But also, you kind of encourage this sort of like
Oh, democracy means that you as an individual
Should be able to put your feet up
And eat potato chips, and if anything gets in your way
You should be able to complain about it
And that's a weapon that conservatives
Use
To make stupid people go
Wait, oh, the air conditioning
Changed a little bit
It's 9-11
Yeah, it was good not to cut off there
It's 9-11, which is where
We've decided to take an act break in our show
Yeah, we're going to use that now as an organic time
To stop and take an act break
And announce the fact
We are now officially going to start
Our D&D campaign
Our Pathfinder campaign
But
You kind of did that in the wrong order
The 9-11 is a reminder
That we go to a word from our sponsor
For people who listen to the podcast for free
Do you guys know what Fulton and Rourke is?
A full mitt Rourke?
Fulton and Rourke is a premier
Men's
Toiletry service
That's specialized in wax based cologne
And
Body wash for men
Well, now you're confusing people, because what we're going to do is take an act break
And
What we're going to do is take an act break
That the feral audio people could identify
Where they would put the volume down and play one of those mid-roll ads
Oh, I thought you were telling the audience the ads
That was a special treat
It's 9-12 now
Did that ship sail?
So here's what we're going to do
It's 9-11
So we're going to take a break here
During which the people who listen to the podcast
For free are going to listen
To a pre-rolled ad
During that ad
That you're listening to at home for free
Or on your subway or where you're cutting your carrots
In the front lawn
The people that are here live
And the people that pay $5 a month
Are going to experience an exclusive
Harmontown experience
It's called a solid gold blow job machine
So right now
Already
The people that can hear the sound of my voice right now
If you didn't pay for this
There's been a mistake
Because you're now in the ad free zone
The exclusive
Exclusive
So roomy
Luxurious
It's so comfortable
It's like wearing me undies
We should monetize the ad free zone
If it becomes
But also it's a great time to show pictures
Or play some songs
Yeah, write a song for us, Dan.
Right?
See this one still needs to go
What if you slow it down?
Like
Considerably
I'm just talking about the whole music making process
Are you about to do a slow jam for us?
Just imagine those podcast fuckers
Missing out on this
Are we in the ad free zone or are we back?
I hope so
It's nice, right?
It's a little more manageable
Yeah
I don't know
Dan doesn't like it
Sounds like graduation music
Yeah
That vitamin C song
Jeff Bryan Davis
Did you guys
I don't want to sound
Defensive or tyrannical
But did you guys
Have been complaining the whole time
About how the show's going
And what's happening in the show
Have anything for the people that could be special?
Like did you want to share anything
With anybody?
Like what did you do
Where were you, Jeff?
I was doing
I traveled all over the country
With Ryan Stiles, Greg Proops, Jill Murray, and Bob Durkatch
We did comedy for people
It was very fun, whose life anyways
It's a good show
I mean, sarcastically, good thing
Nobody's missing that
Yeah, you know, I didn't go anywhere last week at all
Yes, you did, you went to some sort of Pathfinder
Affair
No, no, I was hunting whales
Did you catch any?
Yeah, I murdered three
And as the life
Was being squeezed out of their
Supple necks, I was just imagining
Them as all the fans
She just listened to the podcast
Just murdering the fans
I didn't even know whales had necks
Yeah, oh, they do
They're hard to strangle but
It's the hardest way to kill a whale
Like you have to hate whales so much
Well, we were doing it for sport, of course
Yeah, and it's easy to hate whales
When you think of them as your fans
You could kill a whale with a harpoon
Or with a bomb, but you have to
Fucking hate whales to get in the water
With them and just try to strangle them
Then we got raided by Interpol
Because of all this
Conflict ivory that we had on board
It was a real situation
Yeah, you're giving poachers a bad name
You're one of those bad poachers
Yeah, I talked our way out of it
I floated the head Interpol guy
A dress made of puppies
Yes!
And he led me off with a warning
Yes, that deserves
That's all the things we referenced
And we're back
Come on
That is some insane recall
Right there, well done
That was amazing
I wish people could hear
You guys missed something
If you don't pay five bucks a month
There's callbacks to other shows that happen
Let's all put our pants back on
And get back to the show
That was so chilling
This has been a long delay
Unless getting into the
D&D thing
So we're not going to
Do actual gameplay this episode
That's going to be the next episode
Hold on
One thing we're going to establish
About the D&D thing is
We're going to do it earlier in the show
About halfway through
So we're hopefully a little more sober
We're going to keep it consistent
We're looking at how to
Spiral out of control
We're just going to have
People that are always
Able to do the show
Doing the characters
We're not going to start doing the rotating guests
And Spencer's going to
Always call the shots
We have to respect his authority
As Dungeon Master
Both in terms of
Out of game
And in game
So that's why
I now hand it over to you
To explain what we're doing
This week
You should have played that graduation music
We're gathered here today
So we have your characters
I have your character's sheets
I thought we should talk about your backgrounds
And come up with your shared backstory
As kind of a fun exercise
So that when we start
You kind of have some sense
Of your history together
Does that make sense?
What is your character's racing class?
It's a great question
It's like a quiz
I have to know it now
You haven't thought about your character?
I haven't thought about this in a while
We kept pushing it off
My character together
I know what my spells are
You're very proactive
I'm a human cleric, you dick
I did forget
What's your character's name?
Is that blank so far?
No, that's part of what we gotta come up with
Okay
I'm gonna let that sit
Can I see my sheet
Or is there anything I should...
No, there's nothing
This is what we're trying to figure out
I showed you guys these earlier
When we weren't on stage
But you seemed busy
Should we get Steve?
Oh yeah, because we're gonna do...
Not Steve A.G.
We gotta bring Levy up
Levy's sitting down there on the floor
Steve Levy
You're gonna love it at Levy
More like a rivey
Man
Finally, more dudes on the stage
So here's the thing about that
That is just...
We're gonna have to just take...
Yeah, we're gonna have to just take that bullet
And I'm not gonna be one of these guys that says
Hey, you got a hundred million dollar movie
Take it easy, equality achieved
However, I will say
That because
We wanna be able to have consistency
We...
It's like...
For the D&D it is gonna be...
I had a wife
And I lost her
Because of the D&D
Yeah
Like
We'll continue to...
And plus, I looked into it
It turns out girls are actually bad at D&D
Oh no
I just...
I looked it up, I saw it online
You got to send your angry letters
To the show
The show
We're not gonna like circulate
Through special guests
We're brought to you by Gold Bond Powder
We're not gonna circulate through special guests
Which means that if we're starting
With a sausage party
It's gonna be a consistent sausage party
Every time we play D&D
The show is largely sausage party
But can women not join the game
If they've already played it?
Do the cast stay together from birth?
I...
No
We're gonna...
Broke Dan Harmon
The game that we're gonna play
Welcome back, Jeff
Our D&D campaign started to fall apart
Because it started to become...
Yeah, we would have Curtis Armstrong
Two out of ten times
Camel, it was all...
Camel, Camel
So we have to force ourselves
To have like a rib cage
Where we're like...
There's people who are more likely to be here
Every single episode
And if one of them's gone
We'll make a judgment call on whether
They vanish
For that episode or go into another room
Or Spencer plays them, but largely
Or if we just take that episode off
But so that there can be consistency
Of character, and that's the other reason
We're moving it up earlier in the show
So that we'll be a little...
A little hair more towards sober
And that's one of the things
It's like...
What was the question?
The question was
How do you integrate
A woman
No, no, no, that's not the question
That's not the question
Starting with the same players
Because the answer is
You start bringing strangers up on stage every week
And that's what I'm trying to explain
Is that we have to take a hit on gender equality
And all that stuff in the interest
Of a solid D&D campaign
Because we don't...
That's what they said about baseball
Hahaha
And now we have our own postage stamps
It looks like we made it
You guys got a hundred million dollar movie
What is that?
What are you talking about? It's Wonder Woman
It's like a record breaking thing
Is a hundred million dollars good?
Yeah
Yes
Yeah, that's good for a movie
To make it its first weekend
What's your fucking character's name?
That was the question
I'm not telling you yet
No, that's my character's name
You're a human cleric, you said?
You're a human cleric
And you guys are in service
Of the Church of the Silver Flame
Yeah
What's your character's name?
I had the Fire Liker
Do you know your character's name?
I haven't really thought about it
Well, this is the time
I announced I was going to come back
And we were going to play D&D
You guys don't even have names for your characters
We've been hurt by you before
You announced
We were going to play D&D
You left us
This show doesn't pay
We were leaving the meltdown
We had to just find the castle
You changed the box at the comic book store
We couldn't even find it
I missed you guys
I got excited about our new campaign
I picked my spells
I picked your spells
No, it's not true
We consulted about that
Is there a middle gear
between
passionate
zealously
I'm so dedicated to us
doing this particular thing right now
And you totally fucking leaving the show
Like just you coming back
and just being like, oh, I'm back
It's good to be back
It's okay, Dan Forgotty was a human cleric
Dan is right, Jeff
Fuck you, Brandon
You're like Ulysses
He comes back
He's like, who's trying to fuck my wife?
And then he kills everybody
You know, one of those guys
I was like, I was told you were dead
I came to propose to your wife
I didn't touch her
I was just participating in an arrow shooting contest
Now I'm dead
I've been away, maybe I'm overcompensating
by my absence and I felt remiss
and so I thought
a little bit about what spells I have
They're mostly fire because I'm Chad the Fire Liker
Alright, I'm a gnome druid, by the way
Why do I always play small characters?
Is that because I'm tall?
I can't remember in this instance
Oh, because you liked the drawing I did
Oh, that's right
Was the idea of this segment
that you just want us to tell
you stuff about our characters?
Well, I mean, I really thought it would be
quick to come up with the names
and we'd move on
You're a cleric
So what kind of stuff are you into?
Like, what's your alignment?
Or even just what's your name?
No need to complicate it
I think your name should be Chad also
I was just going to say
Chad the Fire Hater
Chadrick, my name is Chadrick
That's not a good idea
And then Steve will be the Fire Lover
Yeah, I mean, Carlos
Carlos
I like it
Johnson
Carlos Johnson
What a funny name, Johnson
Yeah, where'd you get that?
Carlos Johnson the Unimaginative
Perfect
So you're like a healer, magic user kind of guy?
I'm a cleric
Yeah
So what's your relationship to the...
Well, what's Steve?
I've been thinking about it while on stage
and I was in Dan's office
for a phone call the other day
And on his window
board
You know what I'm talking about?
I might
They're the words Diarrhea Junior
And
I was really
Gets my curiosity
And
I think that should be my name
Maybe DJ for short
Oh, that's great
DJ, that's great
Okay, that's good
This role-playing game is playing itself
Yeah, so now we got to come up
with your characters, high concepts
and your great weaknesses
So, I mean, concepts
are already kind of come up
You're a pyromaniac gnome
Usually come up with your concept
because yours is generic
And Steve, you're kind of like a
person who can give people Diarrhea
Is that his special power?
Oh, I mean, I think his power is he has it
He has to stay out of pools for 14 days
14 days
He has to drink a lot
DJ the no pool swimmer
His weaknesses, he has to
drink a lot of Pedialyte all the time
Well, he can't resist it
And your flaws, if you came up
with a concept, come up with a flaw
So the concept is that
does that translate into game terms
No, it's just like
I mean, if you're pitching Jeff Winger
you're all like, you know, out of work
Well, I don't know, you know, but like that
But for your character
You didn't have anything in mind for that one
No, because I don't know, I only know what Jeff's going to be
And Steve said he was kind of basing
his off link from Zelda, so that's kind
of his concept, but you don't really have one
Well, I think I'd like to be
an overzealous
I mean, that's judging the character
but he's
a zealous like
He's a zealot
I think you'd call him
Like one of those Westboro Baptists
Yeah, like somebody that
but not somebody that's
like a cult leader in the making
like somebody that has
that's so zealous
that it's really more about their ego
like a genuine zealot who actually has
a fucking
problem, like they found
meaning in this religion
and if it weren't for this religion
they'd be so fucked up, it's unspeakable
so they're hooked on it
and can't like
so maybe this person is like
You're like Christopher Eccleston
in The Leftovers
I haven't seen it, but
I would say
I would assume maybe like my character has
a problem, like they're a sociopath
You know, like Richard Spencer
Did you ever see that? Yeah
shitty people with Spencer in their name
it sucks
Did you ever see that
1992 YouTube video, it's 28 minutes long
called Child of Rage
it's this little girl, she keeps going
and there's an off-screen therapist that keeps going
like, what would you like to do to your little brother
pick him with pans
like she's like, because she was adopted
and she was found like in a crib
in her own piss and stuff and she like
so she didn't know love and didn't
doesn't know how to process it
like there's something wrong with this guy
that then he found
like his religion
right, he's not
and it really has like given him meaning
and direction, but he doesn't
it hasn't helped him grow to the extent that
if he were to ever say he needs
this religion to really keep him together
right, I like that
so much
religious
fanatic, it's like when you meet somebody
that you're like, oh man, you're super
super dedicated to being a nerd
because if you weren't a nerd
someone would actually give you Iron Man Armor
the first thing you do is step on innocent people's heads
because you're so angry
but not like, I don't think this guy has rage issues
as much as I think he actually
doesn't know right from wrong
and so he's relieved to feel that
yeah
I like it, so
alright, come up with, Steve do you have anything yet
come up with weaknesses if you haven't yet
think about that, Steve do you have anything
for concept weakness
what's Diarrhea Jr's race and class again
he's an elf or half elf
he's a elf fighter
I think that my guys
my guys weakness would be susceptibility
to like kind of charm
like kind of things because if he's like
he doesn't have like a follower
well yeah he doesn't
if you can break through his force
field of
of
social programming that he
anybody that had
that was in the business
of making people think things
or illusion magic or stuff like that
that he'd be a little more susceptible
maybe he'd have a penalty against that because he's like
kind of
is that a good weakness
it's okay
maybe he's a guy who
hopes his weaknesses are up to stuff
he's really insecure about it
then you have extreme nut allergies
can you
can you help me
I'm not jazzed about that
it's hard to say because the only thing is
I think this is kind of what I told Jeff a little bit
it would be better if they weren't part of your character
concept so it's like
that's kind of a natural consequence of your
concept so this would be a more lateral
weakness
he also
he never turns right
oh okay
polio
sure
do you get wheeled around
polio
my dad survived
the polio epidemic in the 50s
so he has like a withered leg
my dad
so I grew up with a very masculine dad who
walked with a masculine limp
but when he wears shorts he says like this little
toothpick leg
this is real life
I'm Carlos the unimaginative
I
I write what I know
so I was
maybe I
I literally have a physical
limitation
like I had
I survived a disease
that left me permanently
capable
I
father's day is next weekend
the choices you're making right now will stick
with you for a long time
no I'm trying to yeah I mean go big
or go home right
I mean he's a cleric so I figured you know like he's
yeah like I don't know is that
is that I can keep
that's fine but I mean I will say that
we do live in a world I mean we don't
but you will know where magic
can heal death
even so like a leg
boy howdy can that be healed
well what
well what about like you know like
a
that doesn't mean he can't be you know
Dr. Strange the guy that's like he he's playing
basketball and it's like oh actually
I'm supposed to be totally fucking
immobile but I went to
like what if what if he
what if he did he is healed with magic
but he has like there's magic keeping
him kind of go without it
oh so he's like we're in a magic
brace yeah okay
or I like that a lot or he has to constantly
drink some kind of potion or something that he's
basically addicted to all right yeah
yeah well that'll slot into
great okay laugh for me and he's
it
Steve you have anything
no Steve A. J.
man
I'm still thinking about homeless men
frankly
all right no I'm not leaving
though oh sorry
uh
can you help me out what it would what's
a normal kind of weakness
well what's your character concept
uh
the mute swordsman from far away
that's your character
concept okay not completely
mute but you don't talk much
hmm look if you're open to pitches
I think you know you're nervous right now
because the reason you're nervous and lethargic
is because you don't want to fuck this up
the reason you don't want to fuck it up is because
you want to be really good when we play D&D
in the podcast I do want to be good
you're gonna be you're you should
you should really like
I think you should be
you should be yourself
I think you should be like like really enthusiastic
all right
that's his weakness
that's a terrible weakness like
what is this what is your character
what is your path elf
just elf but yeah I'm an elf
swordsman right yep fighter
so is it so is it fire sword
and we're writing his history we don't know his history
fire like uh huh
are we writing his history like a little
bit I mean we're about to now
once we get his weakness but we can move on
could he be kind of a kind of big can the
cold be weak my weakness
it colds everyone's weakness in a way that cold
this is like one week then we're gonna be playing
and you're gonna we're gonna want your leaving is happening
I think he should be can't your problems
just be there you're like leaving
that he's like
that he's like erstwhile he's like a squire
you know he was like assigned to
this church because it's like
you're like you're this guy like
they're always telling me that you love me
and stuff and they should eat better and I'm like
yeah go fuck yourself yeah
it's a huge weakness
his weakness he's like
like he's a caretaker to the
point of extremism like he worries
more about other people than he should probably care more
about himself he's crippled by his naivete
he's an anxious warrior that might be true
you have an ideology that you actually
think that that a happy ending is possible
for this species and it's sad
sometimes okay
that's true
and Jeff you're afraid of the dark
right
why couldn't you go first
what are you doing
terrifying the dark
because my character
it's not unrelated maybe it's partially related
because I was raised
I got captured when I was like a little
druid gnome
and held by demons
like underground and I
prayed to like the silver flame gods
and like actually
conjured fire and so like I use
like fire is kind of a crutch because I'm afraid
I'm terrified of the dark
does that okay so I'm
like also kind of a germaphobe
did you
because I want to make sure my character balances
with yours but I'm thinking more about my
like like like could I be like this
like whatever my thing is that
has me like I'm I'm sort of a
self-flagellating kind of character
figuratively or literally where I'm like oh
pain is important
and and you have to
you know it's like like I'm actually
suspicious you know like like
like like like
like 20%
dinklage in game of thrones
10% rocket raccoon
and then like 40%
I
guess me but then like
I can't remember the percentages
and how they added up I think you're at 70
okay but
but like somebody that's like kind of like like
like oh they figure like
you're supposed to like
they can't they can't accept a good fortune
they can't they can't accept
joy like me they want
to they want it's
those people that like whip themselves literally
yeah you you you flash
yeah you you you scourge your
your own happiness you
you you you you like
earthly pleasures and things like that yeah
cool
all right I'm afraid of the dark
all right
so let's let's let's come up with your
with your with your character stories so
everyone gets to come up with their own
character background like where they started
their adventures like where would you guys
get you do you know where you get your start
you might not know
wait me all of you
these are you know we're thinking about these in waves
you mean backstory or where we're back
story so where'd you get your start like
so for you your religious guy so it might be
where you found religion and like joined the church
or something yeah I'm I'm just riffing
here but I right yeah we're all just yeah
right we're making it up I'm just gonna go from
birth forward I
I think I was
like one of those kids whose parents like
like prostituted them you know like
like had them like
like
toddlers and tiara's kind of thing or
but
less first world more
low hand brass tacks kind of
prostitution like like like genuine genuine
genuine horrible abuse at the hands of
like I just to just left to
drift in a horrible society
like like born in filth
and and then subject
to the horrible inhumanities
and then developed a horrible
like I like this pain yeah
and then and then because of
that maybe in my adolescent years will put a pin
in it but what whatever that
was it led to
injury or disease
so severe that I was finally
broken down and then found
this maybe somebody from this religion
like like converted me and
then I started to become a cleric
like nineteen or something and
then so so then and then but then within
this church of the silver flame
I I I'm like
a zealot that because
I'm not politically facile I'm always
you know I'm not a threat
to any of the higher ups
I'm like always good for being
sent on a mission but it's like my
only problem is that I'm kind of like
like I will like like
like I need I'm not gonna make a good
cardinal because I'll always
question hypocrisy of the church
itself so like I kind of been like
bounced around
and like they'll still make
me do weird shit if you can justify
it yeah so I
so I wound up at this place because
I maybe this is like
I kind of in the outskirts this place
this this church
yeah well I mean it's a big church
it's like it covers the whole country
but I mean are we geographically gonna start
a place that's like yeah outskirts
okay sorry so maybe I've been transferred
to that place recently
because of a
recent like dust up I had
with a superior where I called them
out on their religious hypocrisy
sent to the outskirts yeah great
that's how you got your start
either of you guys have anything Steve looks like
he's going for something I guess I'm
in
so
my
my village
when I was a kid was burned to the ground
I love it
and my parents
were murdered
but the church
took me in
but the thing that I don't know is that
it was the church that murdered my entire
village including my parents
okay I don't think
the crowd likes that you should change your story
no that's great
alright
great Jeff
yeah I think that
like I said I feel like
I was kind of born in captivity
right and you're in darkness by demons
in darkness surrounded by demons and all there
was was like the only light was like flaming
torches and the rest of my family
were just these like super religious
very docile
Druids who didn't believe in violence
they were so pure
and I didn't want to
just die in there like I watched all my family
die inside this like these wooden cages
inside this like darkness
and I thought the only way to get out
is I like I heard your family
dying yeah I heard them die right
well you can there's a little flickering
of flame you can kind of you see them fall over
shadows there could be a twist to season
three where we reveal in flashback oh no
it was yeah that was a sock
but
but then like I like
because they were so docile they didn't
like ever used like their
druidic powers like
there was no nature in there to really
summon because we're just like we're so
underground and hidden that
I like I think I like communed
with like the silver flame
you know who's the spirit that
you call to the spirit of the silver flame
right I called to that
and I was given this kind of
extra violent power of fire
and I ended up just burning my way out
and kind of like so I'm like I like I'm
using like it seems like an anti-nature
thing to like to want to set things on fire
but that was how I got out
and so I'm just kind of
I think I'm a little guilt-ridden about the fact that I have
more of a violent tendency than I wish I did
so I try to use it like my flames
to purify things and purify myself
I like it
I almost started crying
I like that there's a theme of darkness
like we don't just have like
a
person that
eats marshmallows for breakfast and doesn't
know pain because they whatever
they like we're all
a little damaged there's a very cultish
dark like we fit into
a theme that's good I like that
yeah I think it's very genre
yeah so
now we're gonna come up with how you guys
met so Jeff is gonna
come up with how he met Steve Steve's gonna come
up with how I met Dan and Dan's gonna come up
with how I met Jeff and then we'll do a second
round of that so
it's and if you forget it's
the person to the right and then Dan you wrap around
Jeff and Steve briefly you're an elf
fighter and what briefly was your family
died family died it was the church
but he doesn't know okay um
wait can I just
so
the
the first adventure isn't gonna be like how we
met no well I mean this could be
well
what's the first adventure in the future I just mean no
no when we're about to play when we play it yeah
no you'll have met each other at the very
least like you'll you'll you know if we're doing
like modern TV we're not writing an origin
pilot we're starting an episode seven
yeah well this would be the origin pilot
that we're currently writing right now right
right and so we're not gonna start like hey
how are you my name is
Donald exactly it might be like oh we're
back in the same wagon
but it's not like right who are you fucks
yeah I like that that's that's smart from a
from a from a from a peak TV
Steve how old are you when you're
when your family got killed probably
probably
elves are old too
so whatever
five or five
five
all right so my well I met Steve
when I when I when I burst out of
this cave do you think elves live so
long that when they're 70 they're like
sucking on a pacifier
what's the point of living long
of it
when I came
out of the darkness I was also like five
and I stumbled
into him and he because
he's an elf a little more worldly and a little more
like you're a fighter right
yeah I feel like he took pity on me and kind
of took me under his wing because I was this little
blinded mole person I've been living in darkness
and I'm terrified of the dark you guys
and he kind of took me under
his wing and kind of looked after me and
kind of got me on my feet
he was like my kid brother yeah
you guys were temporary brothers
yeah is that good enough
sure
I guess well I mean yeah
whoever has an idea
so after my village
was burned down
I don't remember any of it but that's
you know the church
adopted me and they raised me
and that was my family they're the best
and
Dan's character
was my mentor and he took me under his wing
and he was like look see a lot of
myself in you and
I'm gonna make sure that you
you know can run this
church
later on
right so I killed
his parents no I'm kidding
oh yeah
are you suggesting you guys are the same age
well no
when we met
well I think no we're both five
well let's see like no I thought that was when we met
yeah but let's say like we've known
each other for let's say 20 years
who me and you know me and Steve
like we were children when we met
but we kind of grew up together
so like I could we just make it simple
and I'm kind of like a whip like I've
fucked up like Dumbledore is that like
like I'm the
collecting we met at the tavern and
you're the priest from the keepers
you did unspeakable
things to these kids
I'm a teacher I'm a professor
what about I mean not to be hacky like X many
about it or you know like
like you recognize kind of nascent
greatness in our in our spirituality
and you kind of mentor doesn't
kind of raises and like focus our powers
well I think it's like almost like now and this is
where we get into like don't you know whatever
you whatever you have in store for us is fine
but like the thing that would be interesting was that
it's like it's kind of a suicide mission
but I'm taking my favorite students with
me and I don't mean like I'm superior to you guys
but I'm older than you
were like like I'm a cleric
at the church of the silver flame
the path
that brought you guys together then joined
and led you to where I have been
for a while yeah and I was
like trying to teach you guys to like
meditate or whatever but then
like I got I got like a mission
or something right in the timeline
did you get sent to the outskirts before
you met let you get like you know
edged out by the the church before
you met them or after before
well I well I'll go
either but you want me to pick no yeah
yeah before
because because because I've been
I've been actually in the outskirts
for a while because it's like the pachinko
machine of society like brought me to
like where I am where I'm like
I just hang out I make a paycheck I teach
people to pray and like that pain
is important so that sounds like
you connected and then you got sent away
and kind of you're not in contact
with them to I got like like I like
these guys like they I got a telegram
that said you need to go get the orb of
the thing not to tell you your job but
should probably be an orb
and I'm not saying this is our first
adventure because like I said we're starting
episode 7 but maybe the origin was that
this is what yeah they said hey
shithead like I'm in the outskirts
because I was already a piece
of shit and then they like
just wanted to kill me
and then I was allowed to take
like like people and they came with
me and we
maybe had success and so
now we're kind of like out there and we get like
communicates and they go okay now go do this
yeah I got because now we've become like
black water for this church we're kind of working
together to kind of regain favor maybe back
you'll be together at the beginning
like you'll be on a mission
like together I'll come up with it so
we're kind of like like a little band of
misfits that kind of not is in good
graces with the church maybe because we're not
pure enough and we're trying to like we're trying
to like prove ourselves yeah it probably
helped to have a goal like how do we see
the future like I kind of like
like like what do we think what do we hope
the outcome of the church of the silver flame
exists to exercise and purify
the world of evil so I don't know that
doesn't necessarily have to be your goal but
that's kind of what the church exists for like
you know Christianity is like save all
sinners like this is just kill all
evil yeah I think like it would be cool
like if we're all kind of zealots in our own
way but we're not very orthodox about
like we're like we're regulars we're
rough around the edges but we're trying to
my religion my part of the silver flame
I'm attracted to the idea of like people
keep saying oh our job is to purify
by burning and like
they don't focus on the filth that is
the wood you have to fucking be
you have to have the pain and
and like and you are setting
it on fire like I like these guys because
they're nuts and bolts people that get results
done and I don't I think that
I've been fired let's say
from three
shows I created I mean campaigns
and like I'm
out there and I'm going like like my
overall goal is I don't
care if I die
trying I mean I don't want to die
but I want to actually prove
that politics
and kissing
ass and stuff is like
that this this church the religion
is right right the
the church is wrong
I know
that they they've got us out here
wandering doing missions because they can't
wait for us to die I love it that we
keep not dying
so I'm a little I'm like the dark version
of Tom Hanks and saving Private Ryan where I'm
like like just fucking
don't let the German go but
but the
where I'm like that like like we're out
there it's like I I do believe
in my zealous heart that one day
we're gonna we're gonna
make headlines like like or we're gonna
do their job for them yeah
we're a little renegade we're going a look like
we're we're we don't go
through normal channels maybe but we all are
zealots in our own way but we do really believe
like in some sort of
like that we can rid the world
of evil awesome last
last part okay so now
you'd come over color
yeah
no you come up with that one
special thing about your character so
I mean
you're already someone who's like
magically healthy
that might be your thing but you could have a different thing
but this is like this is like a special
special thing like
a unique Mary Sue trait
Mary Sue
let's move past it
what
did you say wisdom basket or let's get past it
let's move past it okay
yeah yeah that's a good idea
what if you had a wisdom basket
that
that should be the secret
I thought he said Elizabeth the wisdom basket
I have a
I have a wisdom basket
that if I ever
lose like because it's like
it's like a self
self torturing thing where every all the pain
I feel I collect it
that's I don't want to I don't want to connect
all these dots so this needs to be like
lateral like like like this
is like a just a thing like a glass
yeah like I said it is pretty
reasonably unique that like you
have some sort of ailment that you're
constantly fighting against that again
doesn't have to be give me
for instance about how specific you want this to be
you're secretly a fairy
you
Spencer could we get back to the game
please and stop
attacking each other
he's just
he just asked a question
you don't have to get angry at everyone
you're
the fastest gun slinger
in the west or something you know
special thing
photographic memory
premature ejaculator
yeah there you go
just an example
that's
a good one
you guys go first let me think
yeah I should
say what
burns cover
my body
oh yeah so I'm just totally burned
I don't think that's unique enough
huh that's not unique enough yeah
I think a lot of people are burned
you're asshole
I'm so glad you heard it
my asshole is one giant third degree
burn oh no
that's horrifying
it's like that piece of like that part of the pizza
that you try to eat around because it's burnt
what's happening
are you imagining it
what's that pain
yeah I'm thinking
I think you're imagining it
I had night terrors
that's a good one
this isn't a weakness
I can't sleep around other people
I might stab them
that's not unique
this is helpful
the most so unique
this is the one guy in all of midi
and it might not be a talent
but it's definitely something unique
okay
what'd you say
you got three balls is that what you said
you once stole the robe off the king's back
and he thanked you for it
like that's unique
we refuse this to employ any women
that's all
not unique
and he's just here to fucking hate on you the entire time
it's fine I accept it
what if my dick was fireproof
since the gentleman in the front row
alright
I thought this was supposed to be imaginary
unique
can you produce ice cream at will from your hands
the question was
what if you could produce ice cream at will
from your hands
the answer is not unique enough
that would be badass
you'd have diabetes
you have a you have a
I have a pair of 3D glasses
it's unique
because 3D has not been invented yet
right
they're just useless
a glass eye
is more unique than your body being covered with burns
you're the only person with a glass eye
up to the uniquity of this world
what'd you say sir
zeppelins
I again only heard the word zeppelins
because I talked over the repeat of your question
well now you're
he needs to repeat a zeppelins question
and I'll get to you in a second
the zeppelins guy on the count of three
asked your question so that I'm not talking over the beginning of your zeppelins question
I know it ends with the word zeppelins
one two three
and the thing is remember to
PENOPOLY
PENOPOLY of zeppelins
oh monopoly
I have a monopoly over zeppelins
okay
young lady what did you
no wrong answers
she said a glass eye that sees
five minutes into the future
sorry I wasn't trying to
see his five minutes future
I think that's too powerful
I think we're looking for
what if like I
someone just said
all your fingers are thumbs
but your thumb is five fingers
oh man that's gross
maybe on one hand
like all the fingers are thumbs
would that make you more agile
yeah probably a bit
and if so why doesn't
some species have
I can what
I can understand
cats
oh cats
I was like I'm with you lady
I don't get it
I cannot understand that
you can understand
cats but only the musical
like you
you understand what that midnight song is about
but you're saying like it shouldn't translate into like
playable kind of
it shouldn't be like I'm the most rich person in the world
or I have superman powers
if anytime there's a cat in the game
I can talk to it I mean that is not
unique enough I would say you're blind
and deaf every full moon
if nothing else
this is a good exercise
are you raising your hand over here
your magic leg brace is a weapon
my magic leg brace is a weapon
that is unique
how unique is that possible
no one has ever used their leg brace as a weapon
it blows
that's the other thing that blows people's minds
holy shit a leg brace being used as a weapon
that's never been done before
well yeah I think he's feeling
I think he loves it
I think we got our
I would have loved it before I was told that all this other stuff wasn't unique enough
your leg brace can be used as a weapon
no no it's fine
that's like a summer movie from the 90s
how about this
this might be a shitty pitch
I have a tattoo of an eyeball on my forehead
and occasionally if I really focus
I can see
45 seconds into the future
that's still too powerful
that's too powerful? yeah man
you're making a big playable thing
I just have a tattoo of an eyeball on my forehead
but this is a really interesting thing
like if people ask you something
is there something that makes you different
from everyone on the planet
shoot fire from it
but okay
what
45 seconds into the future
yes
how about this
I have a tattoo of an eyeball on my forehead
and I can see when my eyes are closed
yeah yeah that's fine
there we go
I can pretend like I'm sleeping
but I'm watching every mother fucker
you can see when your eyes are closed
that's fair enough
that's not too super powerful
it's a bit of an advantage but I think it's cool enough
like it's not overpowered
people are like hey you go to sleep
I am sleeping
but you answered the question
brushing my teeth and fixing my hair
leavey you go
also we can move off this if you don't think it's cool
no are you fucking kidding me
this is the reason why we play
vodka
oh but hang on
I can amend mine a little bit
to make it better
the tattoo of the eyeball on my forehead
it's a closed eye
I don't know I think it's got to be an open eye
it's got to be an open eye
yeah it's got to be like a hint
it's kind of poorly drawn
it doesn't even look like an eyeball really
it's poorly crafted
it's like a shitty jail tattoo of an eyeball
I got it done in the dark
I'm trying to think of what's unique
about
any of us
which is interesting
I think we don't really want to have
just a thing that makes us totally different
as much as we want to be really really really good at one thing
you know that's what we fantasize about
none of us really actually wants
like a thing that makes us
absolutely different from everyone else
as much as our stories pretend
you're really good at dividing up the tab
when multiple people are like paying for dinner
like you know exactly who
and there's those things like I remember
I remember we had that
I was in Milwaukee and we talked
and like one of the four people
because someone asked at the table what do you think you're better at
than anybody else
and I had some pretentious answer
about being able to write dialogue forever
but there was a guy
who said I can count the number of words
in your sentence no matter how long it is
it was
Joe
I can't remember his name from Madison Comedy
Sports Joe OCD
what? Joe CD
Joe CD
No
Joe
Joe Thompson
Madison Comedy Sports Joe Thompson
I don't know if I know Joe
he all of a sudden he just goes yeah I can do that
and I was like fuck you you can't do that
tell me how many words in this sentence he's like 17
and it was like fuck you
and then for the rest of the night and he was like
you know like you could tell that
he's been living with it his whole life
right you could do that
but it's like
what if you have complete amnesia
for five minutes every day
but to the point where you don't even know
what a human is
you don't know what your hand is
the sun
but for just five minutes every day
oh yeah every five minutes you go on a salvia trip
that's what happens man
you make a seven layer dip
that's to die for
right
it's almost magically delicious
how good your seven layer dip is
right that's a good one
haunted by the voices of the people
I can hear them
I can hear the voices of the people I've killed
yeah you're haunted or maybe even
maybe even informed by them
but you've never killed anybody
you're gonna find this out later
what if I'm
I like that a lot
what if I'm haunted by the voices
of people I'm libel
I'm destined to kill
no that's stupid it's like a fucking
dumb like what am I
that would be a reveal I think
cause then I'm like oh I'm gonna make sure I don't kill that person
okay well I mean
what do you think we need to do now
there's another cleric in your church
that makes eight layer dip
what that eight layer is
I hear the voices
of every single person
that I've ever killed
great I love it
does Steve have any
oh sorry you look like you're about to say something
no it's just like therefore that's a reason
why I'd rather not kill people
and it keeps getting louder and louder
I like it
what if
also the longer you go
without killing
that you've gone their voices start to fade
but as soon as you kill someone
all those voices come back
including the persons that you killed
I like that too yeah that will fuse us
I like that because then I'm like
then I have a very disingenuous
reason to be the guy
that just doesn't want to fight
you know what
number one
okay one more is not gonna
make a big difference I'll get back on my
diet tomorrow
yeah yeah
I really like that
I'm eating souls or something
but also every time you kill another person
you lose one layer out of your dip
it's almost just sour cream at the end
and then you die
alright I fucking nailed it
you guys go
so complicated and it was a woman
that's the only idea from
I don't know Spencer
ask a woman
you have
cry every time you masturbate
I think is what she said
not unique at all
in general or to me
I stopped ordering lubricant
oh my tears gonna do it
I have incredible
sniper like accuracy
when throwing any object
too powerful
your gambit
bullseye
really good at bar games
oh like cheese acid
also too powerful
Spanish Tourette
even you don't understand
what you're saying
that better be the episode title
I wish I couldn't see
that through I wish I could
yeah fendom
fendom
that's actually really
you
you get
turned on by
being financially exploited
is that what that means
that's what I heard
they get these ladies and they give them
all their bank account information
and all their financial information
so the women apparently have control
over the finances of the men
and then they get off by
the women paying their bills
and not spending too much for themselves
well that's like an extreme
I've seen some of that
you see the women
send me your money
I saw documentaries about
it's like
it could just be expensive gifts
you're constantly sending them expensive gifts
and stuff
and they're telling you you dumb shit
giving me all your money and then the guys are like
oh I know
interesting
so that's your thing Steve
the
the delicious
frosting that grows on the bottom
of the glass ceiling
it's got to be some
advantage
what about this like what if you had like a locket
around your like you were given this like necklace
with a key in it and you don't know what it is
but you know it's an important thing
that was like a destiny
a destiny key
that's cool
also
that's it
like somebody just gave you a key
at one point and said here's the deal
giving you a key
every time you think this is full of shit
it's a test and you'll fucking die
the minute you
are you saying like he's walking over the key that's like just a mind fuck
it was like given to him like when he was
too young to remember
it's like you know you give a locket
like with half of an inscription in it
like one thing you'll find on the other side
it's a secret or something
the village was killed and then he was left with a key
see what?
a keyhole
somebody gave him a keyhole
there's a keyhole on my chest
oh yeah
there's a hole in you that shaped like a keyhole
that's good
so there's a keyhole in my chest
it's like a wound
but your dick is shaped exactly like that key
and I won't tell him
I keep looking at it
I catch the light
and then I check that
that's three prongs
I don't know how many times I have to look at it before I realize
that's my dick's
hole
how many people have a key dick?
you have to like take a lot of yoga
to like be flexible enough to fuck your own chest
he's always bowing
I mean
he really has a hole in his chest
like is it infected?
no it's a keyhole, it's magic
it's a magic keyhole in his chest
like Iron Man
oh
sounds unique
was that being derivative? I didn't know that was a thing
no
he's got an arc reactor
he has a magic keyhole in his chest
was it there when you woke up
from your village being burnt?
I don't remember
it was an eight layer dip
that's the secret
yeah
you've been told if you ever unlock that
inside there's a recipe for the perfect eight layer dip
he's probably been told a lot of stuff
you go to
a flea market
and there's a fortune teller
and you're like by the way I should probably show you this
and they're like oh I know all about that
and you're like yeah you and everyone else
you know so he's probably heard a lot of shit
but you have a hole in your chest
it's shaped like a key
and I'm ever searching for
the key that'll fit
into my heart hole
keyhole
no
that's adorable
I love that
let's kick off this campaign
with a wrap
campaign
wrap
it's 10-11
that's what I'm saying
oh jeez it's late
it's a long time
Zach you gotta beat
he's gotta beat
fast rap
yo
oh shit
it's about that time
you know
sometimes you come at me
I start thinking about the old days
thinking about what you did to me
in the old days
when my heart felt
when we used to feel
when you used to come around
to the break of dawn
when these used to be
I thought I could just start rapping
I thought
I was doing better at the
if I start doing that again
this time and I know
you can't unring that bell
when you start trying
but
no
I think about
how you used to feel
how we used to be like family
you know what I'm saying
seems like things are
changing so fast
we don't know who we are anymore
until the break of dawn
yeah
okay that one was fake
and I would try to make it seem like the first time
was a part of a bit
seems like I'm always trying
to rap good but
trying to rise above it, trying to come outside of it
never gonna rap good if you try
to be outside of it
give it up to your DJ Diarrhea Jr everybody
DJ Diarrhea Jr
it seems like
hop down to the
side to the inside
outside
two feet wide, two feet tall
that makes a cube
my dick is covered in pubes
I wanna go outside the cube
make another geometric shape
I'm an ape that came onto this planet
fight too late to make it a planet
makes me so sad when I look at your mama's pussy
it looks bad
but it's beautiful
those clinical drawings that you see in sex ed
no one has a pussy like that
what is that
a line
that's not a pussy
your pussy should look like chewing gum
it's okay
roast beef
roast beef, chewing gum
scrambled eggs to your knees
your labia
could be shaped like Arabia
doesn't matter
what's my dick, a statue
no
ask around, my shit looks weird
every toe
every titty
from every show in every city
everybody's shaped in different ways
I fucked your mama so hard, no I didn't
it's about that time
to the break of dawn
and all night long
when dawn breaks
your mama's pussy shakes
gotta earthquake
earth tectonics, gonna make
every planet gonna make
a new fate for the human race
Donald trump, you gotta turn around
take that Paris accord
bring it back to tube
he's not gonna do anything if I rap right
then do the high energy
just dive off the dive board
the high diver
Yeah, I can.
I'm gonna go.
Yeah, you can't.
I can't.
Yeah.
Hey, you're coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Brandon Johnson.
Steve Aegee.
Steve Levy.
Spencer Crittenden.
And I'm Jeff Davis, your mayor.
Dan Harmon.
The King of Christmas, the Church, everybody, Break of Dawn.
Thank you.
You're allowed to leave.
Break of Dawn.
Yo, Jeff Davis is back!
That means the gentleman.
One more time!
Break of Dawn.
Yo, DGA7 back to D.
Got the D to the G to the A to the 7.
Got the back to the D.
Chord progression, yeah, yeah.
Got the iPad.
D to the G to the A7 back to the D.
Whomp, whomp, whomp.
Oh, there it is!
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!